[Documentation] Cleanup Docs and Workflows (#34)
pokt-network/smt: docs/smt.md

Since the `ClosestProof` method takes a hash as input, it is possible to place a
leaf in the trie according to the hash's path, if it is known. Depending on
the use case of this function this may expose a vulnerability. **It is not
intendend to be used as a general purpose proof mechanism**, but instead as a

> **Commit and Reveal** mechanism, as detailed below.

Reviewer: 🔥

#### Closest Proof Use Cases

The `CloestProof` function is intended for use as a `commit & reveal` mechanism.
Where there are two actors involved, the **prover** and **verifier**.

_NOTE: Throughout this document, `commitment` of the the trie's root hash is also
referred to as closing the trie, such that no more updates are made to it once
committed._

> Take the following attack vector (**without** a commit prior to a reveal) into

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider the following attack vector (**without** a commit prior to a reveal) into
```

consideration:

> 1. The **prover** identifies the hash the **verifier** intends to check against

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The **verifier** picks the hash (i.e. a single branch) they intend to check
1. The **prover** identifies the hash the **verifier** intends to check against
```

> 1. The **prover** then places a leaf in the tree with a common prefix to the
>    identified hash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The **prover** inserts a leaf (i.e. a value) whose key (determined via the hasher) has a
   longer common prefix than any other leaf in the trie.
```

> 1. Due to the deterministic nature of the `ClosestProof` method this leaf will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Due to the deterministic nature of the `ClosestProof`, method this leaf will
```

   **always** be returned given the identified hash.

> 1. The **verifier** then verifies the revealed `ClosestProof`, in turn validating
>    a maliciously placed leaf.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The **verifier** verifies the revealed `ClosestProof`, which returns a branch
    the **prover** inserted after knowing which leaf was going to be checked.
```

> Take the following normal flow (**with** a commit prior to reveal) as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider the following normal flow (**with** a commit prior to reveal) as
```

> 1. The **prover** commits to the state of their trie and publishes their root

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The **prover** commits to the state of their trie by publishing their root
```

>    hash, _closing_ their trie.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   hash, thereby _closing_ their trie and not being able to make further changes.
```

> 1. The **verifier** provides a hash to be used in the `commit & reveal` process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The **verifier** selects a hash to be used in the `commit & reveal` process
    that the **prover** must provide a closest proof for.
```

> 1. The **prover** then utilises this hash and the `ClosestProof` method on their
>    _closed_ trie, producing a `ClosestProof`, thus revealing a deterministic,
>    yet pseudo-random leaf.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The **prover** utilises this hash and computes the `ClosestProof` on their
   _closed_ trie, producing a `ClosestProof`, thus revealing a deterministic,
   yet pseudo-random leaf that existed in the tree prior to commitment.
```

> 1. The **verifier** then verifies the proof, in turn verifying the commitment
>    made by the **prover** and the state of the **prover**'s trie.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The **verifier** verifies the proof, in turn, verifying the commitment
   made by the **prover** to the state of the trie in the first step.
1. The **prover** had no opportunity to insert a new leaf into the trie 
    after learning which hash the **verifier** was going to require a
    `ClosestProof` for.
```
